Tweak reset password docs to fix ambiguity (#8183)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/configuration/identity-validation/reset-password.md

first ensuring the user is adequately identified. The settings below therefore can affect the level of security Authelia
provides to your users so they should be carefully considered.

> Authelia performs this process by issuing a HMAC signed JWT using a [secret key](#jwt_secret) only known by Authelia.
> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authelia performs this process by issuing a HMAC signed JWT. The JWT is serialized and generated by Authelia itself, the admin must only provide a secret random string known as the [jwt_secret](#jwt_secret).

## Configuration
```

{{< config-alert-example >}}

```yaml {title="configuration.yml"}
identity_validation:
  reset_password:
    jwt_secret: ''
    jwt_lifespan: '5 minutes'
    jwt_algorithm: 'HS256'
```

## Options

This section describes the individual configuration options.

### jwt_secret

{{< confkey type="string" required="yes" >}}

> The secret used with the HMAC algorithm to sign the JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret used with the HMAC algorithm to sign the JWT. This value should be an arbitrary random string with printable ASCII characters.
```

first ensuring the user is adequately identified. The settings below therefore can affect the level of security Authelia
provides to your users so they should be carefully considered.

> This process is performed by issuing a HMAC signed JWT using a [secret key](#jwt_secret) only known by Authelia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authelia performs this process by issuing a HMAC signed JWT using a [secret key](#jwt_secret) only known by Authelia.
```
